# 3rd-Party Software for [SharpPaste]()

The following 3rd-party software components may be used by or distributed with **SharpPaste**.  This document was automatically generated by [FOSSA](http://fossa.io) on 01/27/18; any information relevant to third-party vendors listed below are collected using common, reasonable means.


## License Scan


### Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal (CC-0)
<p><strong><em>Statement of Purpose</em></strong></p><p>The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world
	automatically confer exclusive Copyright and Related Rights
	(defined below) upon the creator and subsequent owner(s) (each
	and all, an "owner") of an original work of authorship and/or
	a database (each, a "Work").</p><p>Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights
	to a Work for the purpose of contributing to a commons of
	creative, cultural and scientific works ("Commons") that the
	public can reliably and without fear of later claims of
	infringement build upon, modify, incorporate in other works,
	reuse and redistribute as freely as possible in any form
	whatsoever and for any purposes, including without limitation
	commercial purposes. These owners may contribute to the
	Commons to promote the ideal of a free culture and the further
	production of creative, cultural and scientific works, or to
	gain reputation or greater distribution for their Work in part
	through the use and efforts of others.</p><p>For these and/or other purposes and motivations, and
	without any expectation of additional consideration or
	compensation, the person associating CC0 with a Work (the
	"Affirmer"), to the extent that he or she is an owner of
	Copyright and Related Rights in the Work, voluntarily elects
	to apply CC0 to the Work and publicly distribute the Work
	under its terms, with knowledge of his or her Copyright and
	Related Rights in the Work and the meaning and intended legal
	effect of CC0 on those rights.</p><p><strong>1. Copyright and Related Rights.</strong>
	   A Work made available under CC0 may be protected by
	   copyright and related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and
	   Related Rights"). Copyright and Related Rights include, but
	   are not limited to, the following: 
	</p><ol><li>the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform,
	  display, communicate, and translate a Work;</li><li> moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or
	  performer(s);</li><li>publicity and privacy rights pertaining to a person's
	  image or likeness depicted in a Work;</li><li>rights protecting against unfair competition in regards
	  to a Work, subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a),
	  below;</li><li>rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and
	  reuse of data in a Work;</li><li>database rights (such as those arising under Directive
	  96/9/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11
	  March 1996 on the legal protection of databases, and under
	  any national implementation thereof, including any amended
	  or successor version of such directive); and</li><li>other similar, equivalent or corresponding rights
	  throughout the world based on applicable law or treaty, and
	  any national implementations thereof.</li></ol><p><strong>2. Waiver.</strong> To the greatest extent
        permitted by, but not in contravention of, applicable law,
        Affirmer hereby overtly, fully, permanently, irrevocably and
        unconditionally waives, abandons, and surrenders all of
        Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights and associated claims
        and causes of action, whether now known or unknown (including
        existing as well as future claims and causes of action), in
        the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the
        maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty
        (including future time extensions), (iii) in any current or
        future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any
        purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial,
        advertising or promotional purposes (the "Waiver"). Affirmer
        makes the Waiver for the benefit of each member of the public
        at large and to the detriment of Affirmer's heirs and
        successors, fully intending that such Waiver shall not be
        subject to revocation, rescission, cancellation, termination,
        or any other legal or equitable action to disrupt the quiet
        enjoyment of the Work by the public as contemplated by
        Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose.
	</p><p><strong>3. Public License Fallback.</strong> Should any
        part of the Waiver for any reason be judged legally invalid or
        ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver shall be
        preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into account
        Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose. In addition, to the
        extent the Waiver is so judged Affirmer hereby grants to each
        affected person a royalty-free, non transferable, non
        sublicensable, non exclusive, irrevocable and unconditional
        license to exercise Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights
        in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the
        maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty
        (including future time extensions), (iii) in any current or
        future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any
        purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial,
        advertising or promotional purposes (the "License"). The
        License shall be deemed effective as of the date CC0 was
        applied by Affirmer to the Work. Should any part of the
        License for any reason be judged legally invalid or
        ineffective under applicable law, such partial invalidity or
        ineffectiveness shall not invalidate the remainder of the
        License, and in such case Affirmer hereby affirms that he or
        she will not (i) exercise any of his or her remaining
        Copyright and Related Rights in the Work or (ii) assert any
        associated claims and causes of action with respect to the
        Work, in either case contrary to Affirmer's express Statement
        of Purpose.</p><p><strong>4. Limitations and Disclaimers.</strong></p><ol><li>No trademark or patent rights held by Affirmer are
          waived, abandoned, surrendered, licensed or otherwise
          affected by this document.</li><li>Affirmer offers the Work as-is and makes no
	  representations or warranties of any kind concerning the
	  Work, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including
	  without limitation warranties of title, merchantability,
	  fitness for a particular purpose, non infringement, or the
	  absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or the present
	  or absence of errors, whether or not discoverable, all to
	  the greatest extent permissible under applicable law.</li><li>Affirmer disclaims responsibility for clearing rights of
	  other persons that may apply to the Work or any use thereof,
	  including without limitation any person's Copyright and
	  Related Rights in the Work. Further, Affirmer disclaims
	  responsibility for obtaining any necessary consents,
	  permissions or other rights required for any use of the
	  Work.</li><li>Affirmer understands and acknowledges that Creative
	  Commons is not a party to this document and has no duty or
	  obligation with respect to this CC0 or use of the Work.</li></ol>

### MIT License (Expat)
<p>The MIT License (MIT)</p><p>Copyright (c) &lt;year&gt; &lt;copyright holders&gt;</p><p>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:</p><p>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.</p><p>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.</p>

### UNRECOGNIZED


### GNU General Public License v2.0 (GPL-2.0)
<p>GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPL-2.0)</p><p>The GNU General Public License (GPL-2.0)</p><p>Version 2, June 1991</p><p>Copyright (C) 1989, 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.</p><p>59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA</p><p>Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies</p><p>of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.</p><p>Preamble</p><p>The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to share and change it. By contrast, the GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users. This General Public License applies to most of the Free Software Foundation's software and to any other program whose authors commit to using it. (Some other Free Software Foundation software is covered by the GNU Library General Public License instead.) You can apply it to your programs, too.</p><p>When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not price. Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for this service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.</p><p>To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights. These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it.</p><p>For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that you have. You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source code. And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.</p><p>We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright the software, and (2) offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the software.</p><p>Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make certain that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free software. If the software is modified by someone else and passed on, we want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original, so that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on the original authors' reputations.</p><p>Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software patents. We wish to avoid the danger that redistributors of a free program will individually obtain patent licenses, in effect making the program proprietary. To prevent this, we have made it clear that any patent must be licensed for everyone's free use or not licensed at all.</p><p>The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification follow.</p><p>TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION</p><p>0. This License applies to any program or other work which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it may be distributed under the terms of this General Public License. The "Program", below, refers to any such program or work, and a "work based on the Program" means either the Program or any derivative work under copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Program or a portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated into another language. (Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in the term "modification".) Each licensee is addressed as "you".</p><p>Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not covered by this License; they are outside its scope. The act of running the Program is not restricted, and the output from the Program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the Program (independent of having been made by running the Program). Whether that is true depends on what the Program does.</p><p>1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program's source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty; and give any other recipients of the Program a copy of this License along with the Program.</p><p>You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.</p><p>2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion of it, thus forming a work based on the Program, and copy and distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:</p><p>a) You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.</p><p>b) You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.</p><p>c) If the modified program normally reads commands interactively when run, you must cause it, when started running for such interactive use in the most ordinary way, to print or display an announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a notice that there is no warranty (or else, saying that you provide a warranty) and that users may redistribute the program under these conditions, and telling the user how to view a copy of this License. (Exception: if the Program itself is interactive but does not normally print such an announcement, your work based on the Program is not required to print an announcement.)</p><p>These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole. If identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Program, and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those sections when you distribute them as separate works. But when you distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based on the Program, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.</p><p>Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or collective works based on the Program.</p><p>In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program with the Program (or with a work based on the Program) on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of this License.</p><p>3. You may copy and distribute the Program (or a work based on it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following:</p><p>a) Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,</p><p>b) Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three years, to give any third party, for a charge no more than your cost of physically performing source distribution, a complete machine-readable copy of the corresponding source code, to be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,</p><p>c) Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer to distribute corresponding source code. (This alternative is allowed only for noncommercial distribution and only if you received the program in object code or executable form with such an offer, in accord with Subsection b above.)</p><p>The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it. For an executable work, complete source code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation and installation of the executable. However, as a special exception, the source code distributed need not include anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies the executable.</p><p>If distribution of executable or object code is made by offering access to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the source code from the same place counts as distribution of the source code, even though third parties are not compelled to copy the source along with the object code.</p><p>4. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program except as expressly provided under this License. Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License. However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.</p><p>5. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not signed it. However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or distribute the Program or its derivative works. These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this License. Therefore, by modifying or distributing the Program (or any work based on the Program), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying the Program or works based on it.</p><p>6. Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the Program), the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to these terms and conditions. You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein. You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to this License.</p><p>7. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues), conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not excuse you from the conditions of this License. If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not distribute the Program at all. For example, if a patent license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Program by all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to refrain entirely from distribution of the Program.</p><p>If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.</p><p>It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the integrity of the free software distribution system, which is implemented by public license practices. Many people have made generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed through that system in reliance on consistent application of that system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that choice.</p><p>This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be a consequence of the rest of this License.</p><p>8. If the distribution and/or use of the Program is restricted in certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the original copyright holder who places the Program under this License may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus excluded. In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if written in the body of this License.</p><p>9. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.</p><p>Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Program specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any later version", you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that version or of any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Program does not specify a version number of this License, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software Foundation.</p><p>10. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free programs whose distribution conditions are different, write to the author to ask for permission. For software which is copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this. Our decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.</p><p>NO WARRANTY</p><p>11. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.</p><p>12. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.</p><p>END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS</p><p>How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs</p><p>If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the greatest possible use to the public, the best way to achieve this is to make it free software which everyone can redistribute and change under these terms.</p><p>To do so, attach the following notices to the program. It is safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.</p><p>One line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.</p><p>Copyright (C) &lt;year&gt; &lt;name of author&gt;</p><p>This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.</p><p>This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.</p><p>You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA</p><p>Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.</p><p>If the program is interactive, make it output a short notice like this when it starts in an interactive mode:</p><p>Gnomovision version 69, Copyright (C) year name of author Gnomovision comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details type `show w'. This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it under certain conditions; type `show c' for details.</p><p>The hypothetical commands `show w' and `show c' should show the appropriate parts of the General Public License. Of course, the commands you use may be called something other than `show w' and `show c'; they could even be mouse-clicks or menu items--whatever suits your program.</p><p>You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the program, if necessary. Here is a sample; alter the names:</p><p>Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the program `Gnomovision' (which makes passes at compilers) written by James Hacker.</p><p>signature of Ty Coon, 1 April 1989</p><p>Ty Coon, President of Vice</p><p>This General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into proprietary programs. If your program is a subroutine library, you may consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with the library. If this is what you want to do, use the GNU Library General Public License instead of this License.</p>





## Direct Dependencies


Library|Licenses
-------|--------
**[System.Runtime.Numerics (4.3.0)](#System.Runtime.Numerics)**|
**[Newtonsoft.Json (10.0.3)](#Newtonsoft.Json)**|
**[Nancy.Hosting.Aspnet (1.4.1)](#Nancy.Hosting.Aspnet)**|
**[Nancy (1.4.4)](#Nancy)**|
**[Multiformats.Base (1.2.1)](#Multiformats.Base)**|
**[LiteDB (4.0.0)](#LiteDB)**|
**[jQuery (3.2.1)](#jQuery)**|
**[EasyEncryption (1.0.2)](#EasyEncryption)**|
**[Bootstrap.Flat (3.3.4)](#Bootstrap.Flat)**|
**[bootstrap (3.3.7)](#bootstrap)**|




### Details


#### **System.Runtime.Numerics (4.3.0)**


* Licenses




* Other Licenses
    * MS-EULA
    * mit
    * mspl





#### **Newtonsoft.Json (10.0.3)**


* Licenses




* Other Licenses
    * mit





#### **Nancy.Hosting.Aspnet (1.4.1)**


* Licenses




* Other Licenses
    * mit





#### **Nancy (1.4.4)**


* Licenses




* Other Licenses
    * mit





#### **Multiformats.Base (1.2.1)**


* Licenses




* Other Licenses
    * mit





#### **LiteDB (4.0.0)**


* Licenses




* Other Licenses
    * mit





#### **jQuery (3.2.1)**


* Licenses




* Other Licenses
    * mit





#### **EasyEncryption (1.0.2)**


* Licenses




* Other Licenses





#### **Bootstrap.Flat (3.3.4)**


* Licenses




* Other Licenses
    * apache2
    * mit





#### **bootstrap (3.3.7)**


* Licenses




* Other Licenses
    * mit










***Deep dependencies not included.  Enable this in FOSSA to include deeper data.***



## Licenses


### Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal (CC-0)
<p><strong><em>Statement of Purpose</em></strong></p><p>The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world
	automatically confer exclusive Copyright and Related Rights
	(defined below) upon the creator and subsequent owner(s) (each
	and all, an "owner") of an original work of authorship and/or
	a database (each, a "Work").</p><p>Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights
	to a Work for the purpose of contributing to a commons of
	creative, cultural and scientific works ("Commons") that the
	public can reliably and without fear of later claims of
	infringement build upon, modify, incorporate in other works,
	reuse and redistribute as freely as possible in any form
	whatsoever and for any purposes, including without limitation
	commercial purposes. These owners may contribute to the
	Commons to promote the ideal of a free culture and the further
	production of creative, cultural and scientific works, or to
	gain reputation or greater distribution for their Work in part
	through the use and efforts of others.</p><p>For these and/or other purposes and motivations, and
	without any expectation of additional consideration or
	compensation, the person associating CC0 with a Work (the
	"Affirmer"), to the extent that he or she is an owner of
	Copyright and Related Rights in the Work, voluntarily elects
	to apply CC0 to the Work and publicly distribute the Work
	under its terms, with knowledge of his or her Copyright and
	Related Rights in the Work and the meaning and intended legal
	effect of CC0 on those rights.</p><p><strong>1. Copyright and Related Rights.</strong>
	   A Work made available under CC0 may be protected by
	   copyright and related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and
	   Related Rights"). Copyright and Related Rights include, but
	   are not limited to, the following: 
	</p><ol><li>the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform,
	  display, communicate, and translate a Work;</li><li> moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or
	  performer(s);</li><li>publicity and privacy rights pertaining to a person's
	  image or likeness depicted in a Work;</li><li>rights protecting against unfair competition in regards
	  to a Work, subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a),
	  below;</li><li>rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and
	  reuse of data in a Work;</li><li>database rights (such as those arising under Directive
	  96/9/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11
	  March 1996 on the legal protection of databases, and under
	  any national implementation thereof, including any amended
	  or successor version of such directive); and</li><li>other similar, equivalent or corresponding rights
	  throughout the world based on applicable law or treaty, and
	  any national implementations thereof.</li></ol><p><strong>2. Waiver.</strong> To the greatest extent
        permitted by, but not in contravention of, applicable law,
        Affirmer hereby overtly, fully, permanently, irrevocably and
        unconditionally waives, abandons, and surrenders all of
        Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights and associated claims
        and causes of action, whether now known or unknown (including
        existing as well as future claims and causes of action), in
        the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the
        maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty
        (including future time extensions), (iii) in any current or
        future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any
        purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial,
        advertising or promotional purposes (the "Waiver"). Affirmer
        makes the Waiver for the benefit of each member of the public
        at large and to the detriment of Affirmer's heirs and
        successors, fully intending that such Waiver shall not be
        subject to revocation, rescission, cancellation, termination,
        or any other legal or equitable action to disrupt the quiet
        enjoyment of the Work by the public as contemplated by
        Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose.
	</p><p><strong>3. Public License Fallback.</strong> Should any
        part of the Waiver for any reason be judged legally invalid or
        ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver shall be
        preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into account
        Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose. In addition, to the
        extent the Waiver is so judged Affirmer hereby grants to each
        affected person a royalty-free, non transferable, non
        sublicensable, non exclusive, irrevocable and unconditional
        license to exercise Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights
        in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the
        maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty
        (including future time extensions), (iii) in any current or
        future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any
        purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial,
        advertising or promotional purposes (the "License"). The
        License shall be deemed effective as of the date CC0 was
        applied by Affirmer to the Work. Should any part of the
        License for any reason be judged legally invalid or
        ineffective under applicable law, such partial invalidity or
        ineffectiveness shall not invalidate the remainder of the
        License, and in such case Affirmer hereby affirms that he or
        she will not (i) exercise any of his or her remaining
        Copyright and Related Rights in the Work or (ii) assert any
        associated claims and causes of action with respect to the
        Work, in either case contrary to Affirmer's express Statement
        of Purpose.</p><p><strong>4. Limitations and Disclaimers.</strong></p><ol><li>No trademark or patent rights held by Affirmer are
          waived, abandoned, surrendered, licensed or otherwise
          affected by this document.</li><li>Affirmer offers the Work as-is and makes no
	  representations or warranties of any kind concerning the
	  Work, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including
	  without limitation warranties of title, merchantability,
	  fitness for a particular purpose, non infringement, or the
	  absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or the present
	  or absence of errors, whether or not discoverable, all to
	  the greatest extent permissible under applicable law.</li><li>Affirmer disclaims responsibility for clearing rights of
	  other persons that may apply to the Work or any use thereof,
	  including without limitation any person's Copyright and
	  Related Rights in the Work. Further, Affirmer disclaims
	  responsibility for obtaining any necessary consents,
	  permissions or other rights required for any use of the
	  Work.</li><li>Affirmer understands and acknowledges that Creative
	  Commons is not a party to this document and has no duty or
	  obligation with respect to this CC0 or use of the Work.</li></ol>

### MIT License (Expat)
<p>The MIT License (MIT)</p><p>Copyright (c) &lt;year&gt; &lt;copyright holders&gt;</p><p>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:</p><p>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.</p><p>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.</p>

### GNU General Public License v2.0 (GPL-2.0)
<p>GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPL-2.0)</p><p>The GNU General Public License (GPL-2.0)</p><p>Version 2, June 1991</p><p>Copyright (C) 1989, 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.</p><p>59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA</p><p>Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies</p><p>of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.</p><p>Preamble</p><p>The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to share and change it. By contrast, the GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users. This General Public License applies to most of the Free Software Foundation's software and to any other program whose authors commit to using it. (Some other Free Software Foundation software is covered by the GNU Library General Public License instead.) You can apply it to your programs, too.</p><p>When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not price. Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for this service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.</p><p>To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights. These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it.</p><p>For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that you have. You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source code. And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.</p><p>We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright the software, and (2) offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the software.</p><p>Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make certain that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free software. If the software is modified by someone else and passed on, we want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original, so that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on the original authors' reputations.</p><p>Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software patents. We wish to avoid the danger that redistributors of a free program will individually obtain patent licenses, in effect making the program proprietary. To prevent this, we have made it clear that any patent must be licensed for everyone's free use or not licensed at all.</p><p>The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification follow.</p><p>TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION</p><p>0. This License applies to any program or other work which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it may be distributed under the terms of this General Public License. The "Program", below, refers to any such program or work, and a "work based on the Program" means either the Program or any derivative work under copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Program or a portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated into another language. (Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in the term "modification".) Each licensee is addressed as "you".</p><p>Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not covered by this License; they are outside its scope. The act of running the Program is not restricted, and the output from the Program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the Program (independent of having been made by running the Program). Whether that is true depends on what the Program does.</p><p>1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program's source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty; and give any other recipients of the Program a copy of this License along with the Program.</p><p>You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.</p><p>2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion of it, thus forming a work based on the Program, and copy and distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:</p><p>a) You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.</p><p>b) You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.</p><p>c) If the modified program normally reads commands interactively when run, you must cause it, when started running for such interactive use in the most ordinary way, to print or display an announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a notice that there is no warranty (or else, saying that you provide a warranty) and that users may redistribute the program under these conditions, and telling the user how to view a copy of this License. (Exception: if the Program itself is interactive but does not normally print such an announcement, your work based on the Program is not required to print an announcement.)</p><p>These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole. If identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Program, and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those sections when you distribute them as separate works. But when you distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based on the Program, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.</p><p>Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or collective works based on the Program.</p><p>In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program with the Program (or with a work based on the Program) on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of this License.</p><p>3. You may copy and distribute the Program (or a work based on it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following:</p><p>a) Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,</p><p>b) Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three years, to give any third party, for a charge no more than your cost of physically performing source distribution, a complete machine-readable copy of the corresponding source code, to be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,</p><p>c) Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer to distribute corresponding source code. (This alternative is allowed only for noncommercial distribution and only if you received the program in object code or executable form with such an offer, in accord with Subsection b above.)</p><p>The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it. For an executable work, complete source code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation and installation of the executable. However, as a special exception, the source code distributed need not include anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies the executable.</p><p>If distribution of executable or object code is made by offering access to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the source code from the same place counts as distribution of the source code, even though third parties are not compelled to copy the source along with the object code.</p><p>4. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program except as expressly provided under this License. Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License. However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.</p><p>5. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not signed it. However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or distribute the Program or its derivative works. These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this License. Therefore, by modifying or distributing the Program (or any work based on the Program), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying the Program or works based on it.</p><p>6. Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the Program), the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to these terms and conditions. You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein. You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to this License.</p><p>7. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues), conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not excuse you from the conditions of this License. If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not distribute the Program at all. For example, if a patent license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Program by all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to refrain entirely from distribution of the Program.</p><p>If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.</p><p>It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the integrity of the free software distribution system, which is implemented by public license practices. Many people have made generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed through that system in reliance on consistent application of that system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that choice.</p><p>This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be a consequence of the rest of this License.</p><p>8. If the distribution and/or use of the Program is restricted in certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the original copyright holder who places the Program under this License may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus excluded. In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if written in the body of this License.</p><p>9. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.</p><p>Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Program specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any later version", you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that version or of any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Program does not specify a version number of this License, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software Foundation.</p><p>10. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free programs whose distribution conditions are different, write to the author to ask for permission. For software which is copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this. Our decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.</p><p>NO WARRANTY</p><p>11. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.</p><p>12. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.</p><p>END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS</p><p>How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs</p><p>If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the greatest possible use to the public, the best way to achieve this is to make it free software which everyone can redistribute and change under these terms.</p><p>To do so, attach the following notices to the program. It is safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.</p><p>One line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.</p><p>Copyright (C) &lt;year&gt; &lt;name of author&gt;</p><p>This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.</p><p>This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.</p><p>You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA</p><p>Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.</p><p>If the program is interactive, make it output a short notice like this when it starts in an interactive mode:</p><p>Gnomovision version 69, Copyright (C) year name of author Gnomovision comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details type `show w'. This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it under certain conditions; type `show c' for details.</p><p>The hypothetical commands `show w' and `show c' should show the appropriate parts of the General Public License. Of course, the commands you use may be called something other than `show w' and `show c'; they could even be mouse-clicks or menu items--whatever suits your program.</p><p>You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the program, if necessary. Here is a sample; alter the names:</p><p>Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the program `Gnomovision' (which makes passes at compilers) written by James Hacker.</p><p>signature of Ty Coon, 1 April 1989</p><p>Ty Coon, President of Vice</p><p>This General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into proprietary programs. If your program is a subroutine library, you may consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with the library. If this is what you want to do, use the GNU Library General Public License instead of this License.</p>

### Microsoft Public License (Ms-PL)
<p>Microsoft Public License (MS-PL)</p><p>This license governs use of the accompanying software. If you use the software, you accept this license. If you do not accept the license, do not use the software.</p><p>1. Definitions</p><p>The terms "reproduce," "reproduction," "derivative works," and "distribution" have the same meaning here as under U.S. copyright law.</p><p>A "contribution" is the original software, or any additions or changes to the software.</p><p>A "contributor" is any person that distributes its contribution under this license.</p><p>"Licensed patents" are a contributor's patent claims that read directly on its contribution.</p><p>2. Grant of Rights</p><p>(A) Copyright Grant- Subject to the terms of this license, including the license conditions and limitations in section 3, each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce its contribution, prepare derivative works of its contribution, and distribute its contribution or any derivative works that you create.</p><p>(B) Patent Grant- Subject to the terms of this license, including the license conditions and limitations in section 3, each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license under its licensed patents to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and/or otherwise dispose of its contribution in the software or derivative works of the contribution in the software.</p><p>3. Conditions and Limitations</p><p>(A) No Trademark License- This license does not grant you rights to use any contributors' name, logo, or trademarks.</p><p>(B) If you bring a patent claim against any contributor over patents that you claim are infringed by the software, your patent license from such contributor to the software ends automatically.</p><p>(C) If you distribute any portion of the software, you must retain all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices that are present in the software.</p><p>(D) If you distribute any portion of the software in source code form, you may do so only under this license by including a complete copy of this license with your distribution. If you distribute any portion of the software in compiled or object code form, you may only do so under a license that complies with this license.</p><p>(E) The software is licensed "as-is." You bear the risk of using it. The contributors give no express warranties, guarantees or conditions. You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws which this license cannot change. To the extent permitted under your local laws, the contributors exclude the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.</p>

### Apache License 2.0 (Apache-2.0)
<p>Apache License, Version 2.0 Apache License Version 2.0, January 2004 http://www.apache.org/licenses/</p><p>TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION</p><p>1. Definitions.</p><p>"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.</p><p>"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner that is granting the License.</p><p>"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.</p><p>"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License.</p><p>"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files.</p><p>"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.</p><p>"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below).</p><p>"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.</p><p>"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."</p><p>"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work.</p><p>2. Grant of Copyright License.</p><p>Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.</p><p>3. Grant of Patent License.</p><p>Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You institute patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.</p><p>4. Redistribution.</p><p>You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:</p><p>You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License; and You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files; and You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works; and If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the License. You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this License.</p><p>5. Submission of Contributions.</p><p>Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions.</p><p>6. Trademarks.</p><p>This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.</p><p>7. Disclaimer of Warranty.</p><p>Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.</p><p>8. Limitation of Liability.</p><p>In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such damages.</p><p>9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability.</p><p>While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.</p><p>END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS</p><p>APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work</p><p>To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include the brackets!) The text should be enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification within third-party archives.</p><p>Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]</p><p>Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at</p><p>http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0</p><p>Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.</p>





[FOSSA]: # (Do not touch the comments below)

[FOSSA]: # (==depsig=e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855==)


